Who reigns in that silence
When you sleep in the afternoon
You reach out to emptiness
Until the reaching out
feels empty too
We’ll come to my darling
Or we’ll wake up
to someone new
Who makes up
the fundamental
The fundamental you
This was made for me
This is make-believe
Like sleight of hand
And a custom vagrancy of mind
Well, I demand it
It’s just my agency
My flight of fancy
Flight of fancy
I demand it
You reach out to freedom
You reach out
to be consumed
There’s a part of you starving
There’s a part of me
that over blooms
The sun stains the ocean
The pink house returns to gloom
And becomes the fundamental
The elemental hue
This was made for me
This is make-believe
Like sleight of hand
And a custom vagrancy of mind
Well, I demand it
It’s just my agency
My flight of fancy
Flight of fancy